---
layout: page
title:  "Developer FAQ"
permalink: /api/faq
---

<div class="ui container text segment pegke">
  <div class="ui accordion">
    <div class="title">
      <i class="dropdown icon"></i>
      App token has expired!
    </div>
    <div class="content">
      <p class="transition hidden">First, that is a good thing. Tokens are like cash, if you have it you can use it. You don't need to prove that token belongs to you, so don't let anyone steal your token. In order to lower the risk tokens should expire fairly quickly. If your token expires in 120s then it will be only usable during that window.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="title">
      <i class="dropdown icon"></i>
      What do I do if my token was expired?
    </div>
    <div class="content">
      <p>
        Along with your access token, an authentication token is created. It's called the refresh token . It's a longer lived token, that it's associated to an access token and can be used to create a replica of your expired access token. You can then use that new access token normally.

        To use your refresh token you will need to make a request against /simple-oauth/refresh providing the header Authorization: Bearer {YOUR REFRESH TOKEN}. That will return a JSON document with the new token. That URL can only be accessed with your refresh token, even if your access token is still valid.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div class="title">
      <i class="dropdown icon"></i>
      What do I do if my refresh token was also expired?
    </div>
    <div class="content">
      <p>
        Then you will need to log into Drupal and go to your profile page to generate a new token from scratch. You can avoid this by refreshing your access token before your refresh token expires. This way you avoid the need to require the user to go to Drupal to create a new token.</p>
        <p>
          Another way to mitigate this is to use longer expiration times in your tokens. This will work, but the the recommendation is to refresh your token in time.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

{% include dev-love.html %}
